you and I attended a party at my
house and kids like somebody
they want to talk to you don't
know who you are and they have
questions yeah because my
teacher can understand what I'm
asking
I think adults also have
questions with X forgot how to
ask them well because you never
want to look like you don't know
yeah yeah yeah yeah I don't mind
being dumb is him i don't mind
people knowing I'm dumb as I
would tell you i'm dumb as hell
but I try to meet as many people
who can just drop little
droplets in my head just let me
know what's happening i went
there questions that everyone
has and that's how i feel about
our place in the universe you
know the idea that we are the
only things out here doesn't
make any sense it makes there
would be its inexcusably
egocentric to even suggest it
and isn't a human is a human
thing is an american thing I
don't know how this human in the
history of our species that
we're we're certain we are in
the middle you know what does
Mediterranean mean it means
middle-earth Mediterranean yeah
so back then they named the
region because they believe
they're in the middle of the
flat earth at the time you know
with the announcement recently
of finding where they say a
hundred and twenty other photo
so 1000 to 1200 exoplanets okay
so that didn't make me feel
better i will tell you because I
don't know where those planets
where they are when they doing
what we're doing is on it was on
they could have a press release
on their own planet today saying
we've just discovered planets on
a thousand systems including
this one over here where they
call themselves earth we could
be in there sky
yes and thinking about it the
way we are talking about them
now we're not looking to hurt
those planets not initially